README.md, before:

# Cortex Contacts

This package is NOT actively maintained! Want to jump in as a maintainer? Ping me [@omranic](https://twitter.com/omranic)


**Cortex Contacts** is a frontend layer for the polymorphic contact management system. You can add contacts to any eloquent model with ease.

[![Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/cortex/contacts.svg?label=Packagist&style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/cortex/contacts)
[![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://img.shields.io/scrutinizer/g/rinvex/cortex-contacts.svg?label=Scrutinizer&style=flat-square)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/rinvex/cortex-contacts/)
[![Travis](https://img.shields.io/travis/rinvex/cortex-contacts.svg?label=TravisCI&style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/rinvex/cortex-contacts)
[![StyleCI](https://styleci.io/repos/100120130/shield)](https://styleci.io/repos/100120130)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/cortex/contacts.svg?label=License&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/rinvex/cortex-contacts/blob/develop/LICENSE)


## Installation and Usage

This is a **[Rinvex Cortex](https://github.com/rinvex/cortex)** module, that's still not yet documented, but you can use it on your own responsibility.

To be documented soon..!


## Changelog

Refer to the [Changelog](CHANGELOG.md) for a full history of the project.


## Support

The following support channels are available at your fingertips:

- [Chat on Slack](https://bit.ly/rinvex-slack)
- [Help on Email](mailto:help@rinvex.com)
- [Follow on Twitter](https://twitter.com/rinvex)


## Contributing & Protocols

Thank you for considering contributing to this project! The contribution guide can be found in [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Bug reports, feature requests, and pull requests are very welcome.

- [Versioning](CONTRIBUTING.md#versioning)
- [Pull Requests](CONTRIBUTING.md#pull-requests)
- [Coding Standards](CONTRIBUTING.md#coding-standards)
- [Feature Requests](CONTRIBUTING.md#feature-requests)
- [Git Flow](CONTRIBUTING.md#git-flow)


## Security Vulnerabilities

If you discover a security vulnerability within this project, please send an e-mail to [security@rinvex.com](security@rinvex.com). All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.


## About Rinvex

Rinvex is a software solutions startup, specialized in integrated enterprise solutions for SMEs established in Alexandria, Egypt since June 2016. We believe that our drive The Value, The Reach, and The Impact is what differentiates us and unleash the endless possibilities of our philosophy through the power of software. We like to call it Innovation At The Speed Of Life. That’s how we do our share of advancing humanity.


## License

This software is released under [The MIT License (MIT)](LICENSE).

(c) 2016-2021 Rinvex LLC, Some rights reserved.

Commit message:

This package is abandoned and no longer maintained

README.md, after:

# Cortex Contacts

⚠️ This package is abandoned and no longer maintained. No replacement package was suggested. ⚠️

👉 If you are interested to step on as the main maintainer of this package, please [reach out to me](https://twitter.com/omranic)!

---

**Cortex Contacts** is a frontend layer for the polymorphic contact management system. You can add contacts to any eloquent model with ease.

[![Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/cortex/contacts.svg?label=Packagist&style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/cortex/contacts)
[![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://img.shields.io/scrutinizer/g/rinvex/cortex-contacts.svg?label=Scrutinizer&style=flat-square)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/rinvex/cortex-contacts/)
[![Travis](https://img.shields.io/travis/rinvex/cortex-contacts.svg?label=TravisCI&style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/rinvex/cortex-contacts)
[![StyleCI](https://styleci.io/repos/100120130/shield)](https://styleci.io/repos/100120130)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/cortex/contacts.svg?label=License&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/rinvex/cortex-contacts/blob/develop/LICENSE)


## Installation and Usage

This is a **[Rinvex Cortex](https://github.com/rinvex/cortex)** module, that's still not yet documented, but you can use it on your own responsibility.

To be documented soon..!


## Changelog

Refer to the [Changelog](CHANGELOG.md) for a full history of the project.


## Support

The following support channels are available at your fingertips:

- [Chat on Slack](https://bit.ly/rinvex-slack)
- [Help on Email](mailto:help@rinvex.com)
- [Follow on Twitter](https://twitter.com/rinvex)


## Contributing & Protocols

Thank you for considering contributing to this project! The contribution guide can be found in [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Bug reports, feature requests, and pull requests are very welcome.

- [Versioning](CONTRIBUTING.md#versioning)
- [Pull Requests](CONTRIBUTING.md#pull-requests)
- [Coding Standards](CONTRIBUTING.md#coding-standards)
- [Feature Requests](CONTRIBUTING.md#feature-requests)
- [Git Flow](CONTRIBUTING.md#git-flow)


## Security Vulnerabilities

If you discover a security vulnerability within this project, please send an e-mail to [security@rinvex.com](security@rinvex.com). All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.


## About Rinvex

Rinvex is a software solutions startup, specialized in integrated enterprise solutions for SMEs established in Alexandria, Egypt since June 2016. We believe that our drive The Value, The Reach, and The Impact is what differentiates us and unleash the endless possibilities of our philosophy through the power of software. We like to call it Innovation At The Speed Of Life. That’s how we do our share of advancing humanity.


## License

This software is released under [The MIT License (MIT)](LICENSE).

(c) 2016-2021 Rinvex LLC, Some rights reserved.
